Translation corrections (#102)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_tips_085.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s20/37/vtt_chisa3055", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「う～む、…そうだ。",
			NULL, "\"Hmmm... I've got it.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s20/37/vtt_chisa3056", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "ここはひとつ、私たちが一肌脱ぐか！」",

> 			NULL, " Let's put our asses in slings for them!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Let's really bare our shoulders and lend them a hand!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s20/38/vtt_tama3019", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「一肌脱ぐって、…千紗登。",

> 			NULL, "\"Put our asses in slings...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Bare our shoulders...", Line_WaitForInput);
```
